python -m venv .venv
.\.venv\Scripts\activate
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
sudo .venv/bin/uvicorn app.main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
python -m GitHub.pretrain --sample-size 30

But to be honest this fixes are fixed not dynamic, if user will run another prompt it wont work

NO CHANGES

🚀 Quick Start (Standard Apps)

Modern Notes App
"Create a notes manager where users can create, edit, delete, and search notes by title. Use a grid layout with cards for the notes and a dark mode UI."

Minimalist Todo List
"Build a clean, modern todo app. Features should include adding tasks, marking them as completed, deleting tasks, and filtering by status (All, Active, Completed)."

Bug Tracker Dashboard
"Build a bug tracking system with features to create reports, update status (Open, In Progress, Resolved), assign priority, and add comments. Include a dashboard overview page."

Personal Finance Dashboard
"Create a personal finance tracker where users can add expenses, assign categories, and view monthly totals. Include a dashboard with simple charts visualizing spending by category."

Ticketing System
Build a customer support ticketing tool with: dashboard stats, ticket list, filters by status/priority, and a detailed ticket view page.

Team Kanban Board
Build a kanban board for managing tasks across columns (Backlog, In Progress, Review, Done). Users should be able to create tasks, drag and drop between columns, and filter by assignee and tag.

Lightweight CRM
Create a simple CRM for tracking leads and customers. Include a leads table, a customer detail page, status stages (New, Contacted, Qualified, Won, Lost), and a notes timeline on each customer.

Content Calendar
Build a content calendar tool where users can schedule posts on a monthly calendar. Each item should have title, channel (Blog, YouTube, Twitter), status, and owner, with a sidebar list of upcoming content.

Inventory Manager
Create an inventory management app with products, stock levels, and low-stock alerts. Include views for product list, product detail, and a dashboard showing items that need restocking.

Habit Tracker
Build a habit tracker where users define habits and log completion per day. Show a weekly and monthly heatmap, streak counters, and simple charts indicating consistency.

Advanced (Showcase "Refine Mode")
Self-Healing CI/CD Monitor
Build a dashboard that connects to GitHub Actions logs. When a build fails, I want an agent to analyze the error log and propose a code fix automatically.
(Refinement Idea: Now make it send the fix as a Pull Request.)

Conversational SQL Admin
Create a tool where I can chat with my database in plain English. For example, 'Show me the top 5 users by spend'. The system should generate and run the SQL.
(Refinement Idea: Now group the results by city.)

API from JSON (Mock-to-Real)
I will upload a JSON file with sample data. Build a fully functional FastAPI backend that serves this data with proper CRUD endpoints.
(Refinement Idea: Add JWT authentication to the POST endpoints.)

AI Ghost Blogger
Build a blog platform where the 'Admin' is an AI. If I upload a text file with bullet points, the system should automatically write a full article and publish it.
(Refinement Idea: Change the writing tone to be more sarcastic.)

Multi-Tenant SaaS Starter
Create a multi-tenant SaaS starter where each workspace has its own users, projects, and billing settings. Include a minimal tenant switcher UI and ensure tenant isolation in all API endpoints.
Refinement idea: Add role-based access control with Admin, Member, and Readonly roles.

AI Code Review Assistant
Build a code review dashboard that connects to a Git repository. For each pull request, show diff summaries, an AI-generated review, and a list of suggested refactors."
Refinement idea: "Add a 'Apply suggestion' button that patches the codebase and opens a new branch.

Incident Response Runbook App
Create an incident management tool where each incident has severity, timeline of events, and attached runbooks. Include a page that suggests next actions based on incident type and severity.
Refinement idea: Add a 'post-mortem generator' that creates a markdown summary from the incident timeline.

Data Import & Mapping Wizard
Build a CSV import wizard where users upload a file, map columns to known fields (name, email, amount, etc.), preview parsed data, and then import into a table with validation errors surfaced.
Refinement idea: "Add saved mapping templates that can be reused across imports."

AI Product Spec Generator
Create a product requirements tool where I can describe a feature in one text box and the system generates a structured spec: user stories, acceptance criteria, and API endpoints."
Refinement idea: "Add a 'compare versions' view that shows diff between two generated specs.

Specialized / Backend-Heavy
Webhook Relay & Inspector
Build a webhook relay dashboard. It should expose a test endpoint, store incoming payloads, show request history with headers/body, and allow replaying a payload to another URL.

Background Jobs Monitor
Create a background job monitor for a queue (e.g., email sends, report generation). Show job status (Queued, Running, Failed, Completed), retry counts, and a detail view with logs.

Feature Flag Console
Build a feature flag management console with flags, environments (dev/stage/prod), and targeting rules (by user ID or percentage rollout). Include an audit log of changes.

Schema-Aware Form Builder
Create a form builder that takes a JSON schema and renders a dynamic form. Allow saving and loading schemas, and show a live preview of the form with validation errors.